- How old are these houses?
-200 years?
No way!
America was founded only 200 years ago.
-Then at least several decades.
-Yeah, maybe.
- Cold?
- Yeah.
But this is really beautiful.
Yeah, gorgeous.
See, America's airspace is really busy.
There's one.
-And there.
- Mmm.
Is this a union shop?
Since you've arrived in America,
I believe you've found
many things different
from life in China.
We need to get to know Americans.
America is a place
to let your personality run free.
As long as you're not doing
anything illegal,
you're free to follow your heart.
You can even joke about the president.
Nobody will do anything to you.
Americans' cars are big and huge,
very comfortable.
This represents
the American sense of casualness.
They don't place a heavy importance
on outfits and attire.
If you travel in Europe in the summertime,
and you see someone walking
in front of you,
if he's wearing shorts,
vests, and sports shoes,
they must be an American.
Americans say
what they are thinking directly.
They don't hide anything.
They are very obvious.
Everything is practical and realistic.
They dislike abstraction and theory
in their daily lives.
Time is limited today,
so I won't keep going.
The list here is really long.
As required by Chairman,
we will have an opening celebration
on October 7th.
From now on,
I ask you to keep October 7th in mind
and work hard
towards this grand celebration.
This one is the Chevrolet S10.
It was made in 1982.
The first car from the GM plant.
Wow, Dayton was very well developed
back then?
Exactly. A very well developed area.
Every time I visit
this plant, I see a lot of changes.
You see there's still
empty space for more equipment.
It will all be installed within a year.
Thank you very much.
He says that a lot
of people lost their jobs in this area,
and he thanks you for the opportunity.
So the clients are satisfied?
Yes, very satisfied.
Especially Chrysler.
I am pairing an American with a Chinese.
The American is the main operator,
with a Chinese supervisor by their side.
They're pretty slow.
They have fat fingers.
We keep training them over and over.
It won't.
In October,
the weather will be like it is today.
I have an idea,
but I am not sure it's a good one.
We hang two artworks here.
One is something iconic of China,
like the Great Wall.
-The other one is from the US.
-No. Only American ones.
Only American ones.
When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
Don't upset them.
They haven't done
good decorative work here.
This can't be here.
It should be moved to the side.
David says that is the required height.
We can't place it
down there. It has to be that high.
We can move it to that corner.
Then up there.
He has to ask and see.
He knows this is the right height.
Catch another big fish!
Did you all set the bait this way?
- Looks fucking cool!
- How do you set it?
-Ooh, that's a big one right there.
-Big, yes.
Very big.
We're going home
to gut the fish, and we'll come back.
Set the water temperature to 60°.
Because it has high alkalinity.
Beautiful! Beautiful!
Down a little.
Down a little bit!
This damn thing...
-Allen wrench.
- Allen. Allen.
Allen wrench.
-Allen wrench.
- Allen wrench.
My first impression
of Ohio was how flat it is.
My family's in China.
Two lovely children
and a beautiful wife.
Fuyao offered me my first job at 18.
I have worked in the furnace
for more than 20 years.
It's a hard job, but I love it.
Because of the language barrier
and cultural differences,
it's hard to quickly integrate
everyone's ideas.
I don't have much time to eat every day.
So every week, I bring a box of Twinkies.
This is my lunch.
I eat two at a time.
Look at the red sticks.
This one is broken.
We have to pull it out by ourselves.
Look at the scars on my arm.
These are all scalds.
I got burned.
- Air.
Now the entire world is watching us.
Good afternoon.
Welcome.
-Welcome to the US!
Today, we hold the opening ceremony
of Fuyao Glass America.
Who the fuck does he think he is?
The senator mentioned
the workers union in his speech.
Does Fuyao have any good strategies
for avoiding these risks?
Dave, there's one thing
I gotta talk to you about.
-Mm-hmm.
-Regarding Sherrod Brown's comments...
You all know our stand on this.
We don't want to see the union
developing here.
If we have a union,
it will impact our efficiency,
thus hurting our company.
It will create loss for us.
If a union comes in, I'm shutting down.
They keep interfering with my production.
Slowly bleeding money is even worse
than a union.
John, if you want
to continue to be president,
you have to listen to my advice.
It's audit day.
We don't have glass to show them!
We should have some ready
for the customers to check.
There must be some flaws
if the glass exploded.
The overall quality of the glass
is not good enough,
but there's no way to improve it now.
We still want to achieve our targets.
One is output. The second is speed.
We need one more person.
Transfer someone from China here.
Anything they're not happy about?
It gets really hot in here.
Our American colleagues
are very afraid of heat.
We try to give them
the environment they want,
as long as it's within
a reasonable budget.
The spaces between the production lines
are pretty narrow.
The Occupational Safety
& Health Administration (OSHA)
thinks it's too dense.
"A tall tree catches the wind."
Yes, it's a huge tree.
Let's welcome Chairman!
Dear staff,
good morning.
We haven't reached our goals.
This is a very tough challenge for us.
We are all Chinese.
We were born
of Chinese mothers.
No matter where you die or are buried,
you will always be Chinese.
The motherland is like a mother.
This is eternal.
Today, Chinese come to the US
to operate factories.
The most important thing
is not how much money we earn,
but how this will change
Americans' views of the Chinese
and towards China.
Every Chinese person should do things
for our country and our people.
It's down to every one of you here.
American workers are not efficient,
and output is low.
I can't manage them.
When we try to manage them,
they threaten to get help from the union.
How can we make Americans understand
that the Chinese can open factories
in America?
This is a big problem.
Noble sentiments
Are transparent
For the sake of transparency
We've gone through difficulties
We've struggled every bit
Fuyao holds up
A transparent world
China is filled with spring
And happiness is everywhere
All the blessings from Fuyao
Are transparent
Welcome home.
Attention!
Dress right!
Keep an eye on the distance
between yourself and others.
Eyes front!
Straddle.
Hello, everyone!
Good! We are good.
Number off!
-One.
-Two.
-Three.
-Four.
-Five.
-Six.
-Seven.
-Eight.
-Nine.
-Ten.
Eleven.
-Twelve.
-Thirteen.
-Fourteen.
-Fifteen.
-Sixteen.
-Seventeen.
Eighteen.
Nineteen. Report!
There should be 19 people in this team,
and all 19 people are here.
Over!
Good afternoon.
- Sorry.
- Sorry! Sorry!
- Please.
- Please. Please.
- Thank you.
- Thank you. Thank you.
Attention.
-Our team name is?
- Improvement!
Our slogan is?
To stand still is to move back!
Attention!
The preparation meeting is over.
Dismissed.
I heard things
are not going too well over there.
Right. That's true.
That's why we're doing training here.
You guys have eight days off
every month.
You have all the weekends.
Only eight hours a day.
That's an easy life.
Yes.
These workers only have
one or two days off per month.
They're not too happy about that.
That's why I told you
American workers are too lazy.
It's just your nature. But you're not bad.
-Every person can be changed.
-We have some extremely diligent workers.
Very motivated, very ambitious.
They're great.
But most workers are there
just to make money,
not to make glass.
How many hours a day do they work?
Eight hours per shift.
Eight hours. So about 100 dollars a day.
Here we say you have to be worthy
of your salary.
You need to prove you deserve it.
You understand, right?
Yes, I understand.
I heard that your workers like
to joke around and talk a lot.
The best tool we can use is duct tape.
Put it over their mouths.
They will perform better.
-Tape?
-Tape on their mouths.
Can you do that there?
No, we can't. But if we could do that,
we'd have improved production.
Because they're too chatty now.
Well, the most important thing
is that you all should be united
and concentrate your efforts.
It's not bad working here.
I'm married.
My child is in my hometown.
We don't have many holidays,
so I don't have much time to go back home.
Only during the Spring Festival,
once a year.
We work 12 hours a shift.
I'm tired, but I have no choice.
We work
whenever we're asked by our leader.
I have two kids now.
One is six months old,
the other is four years old.
They're pretty young.
If we're too busy, we may not be able
to take days off.
I only go home once or twice a year.
My older kid is eleven,
and the younger one is eight.
I work long hours
and I spend very little time with them.
The glass in our factory--
Different glass colors
have different values for recycling.
So they have to sort the colors.
We are energetic at Fuyao.
All of us are energetic
and happy to work here.
All of our workers
are members of the workers union.
Mao Zedong,
and this is Deng Xiaoping,
Jiang Zemin,
Hu Jintao,
Xi Jinping.
These are the five leaders
since China was established.
Without backing from the government,
the company wouldn't get too far.
Our workers union and the company
are closely related to each other.
They are like two gears rotating together.
We need our workers
to fight for Fuyao's success.
We are all in the same boat.
Keeping the boat safe
means everyone is safe.
If the boat sinks,
everyone loses their jobs.
It's quite simple.
Chairman Cao, here is a hada for you.
Next on the red carpet will be workers
from two teams.
They have won the Excellent Team award.
Year 2017...
"Soaring ambitions."
"The spirit of craftsmanship
is all over China."
Let's welcome
Chairman Cao with our warmest applause!
Dear Chairman,
dear colleagues,
tonight is a gathering time
for our Fuyao family.
Everybody performing
tonight works here at Fuyao.
We've cooked
A joyful New Year's Eve dinner
The family is cheerful
The family is joyful
We wish you radiant joy
Happy New Year
We wish you an auspicious New Year
We wish you a safe year
We wish your family a fortunate New Year
May you be happy and prosperous!
May the best come, may the worst leave
Always be courteous and polite
May you be happy and prosperous!
Come on! Two words have become
really popular recently.
What are the words?
Intelligence. Lean.
Intelligent and lean manufacturing
All industries should adopt them
Finance, service, manufacturing
Intelligent and lean manufacturing
Technology is developing rapidly
The information age
Has already arrived...
Employee relations system is amazing
Great at resource integration
And market response
Waste eliminated
And revenues generated
Transition, upgrade
Promotion, integration
A corporation with lean manufacturing
Fuyao is creating a new future!
Please hold the hand of your bride.
From this moment on,
no matter poor or rich,
you will always care for her, support her
cherish her, and protect her,
until forever.
Will you?
Yes, I will.
- Aren't watermelons sweet?
- Sweet!
Choose the best picture
to put on the cover
-of the next edition of Fuyao People!
I'm worried about my points.
I don't wanna lose my job.
-What's that?
-My pay?
It's covered?
When we had this training in private,
I was horrified by this picture.
If this becomes reality,
we wouldn't be able
to communicate directly
with our American coworkers.
Isn't that terrible?
If we are able to improve
our management capabilities,
it will help quell the union rebellion.
We hired Americans to work
as our managers and supervisors.
Our expectation was
that we could trust them,
pay them a high salary,
and they would serve the company.
Why didn't they?
I think they are hostile to Chinese.
The loss from January to October
is about 40 million US dollars.
We have to reverse the tide
as soon as possible.
With the new restructuring,
I believe we will see this plant
in profit very soon.
We've invited Jeff Liu
to be our new president.
Good morning, everyone.
I was born in 1963,
in the Year of the Rabbit.
I've spent 27 years in the US
and 26 years in China.
People always guess I am in my 40s,
but I'm actually 53.
Why is that? Because I have passion.
I have determination to do things well.
Not bad.
He asked if you want a hat.
Here you go, boss.
Let me wear a hat.
Mmm. Smells good.
This is the most enjoyable moment
in a day.
After I finish the cigarette,
my mind just calms down.
We workers lay down tracks
so the train can run smoothly.
The only thing we have in mind
is to do our best.
That's true for everyone here.
My wife.
My toothache has gone.
I've fully recovered.
The last time I cried, I was a teenager.
But I cried once after coming here.
I don't dare mention that to other people.
But when all is quiet
in the dead of night,
I miss my family.
My supervisor started yelling at me.
He said he expects us
to do eight boxes at a time.
I have.
He knows.
You need some skills to handle Americans.
How can we take advantage
of American characteristics
to make them work for Fuyao?
There's a culture in the US
where children
are showered with encouragement.
So everyone who grows up in the US
is overconfident.
They are super confident.
Americans love being flattered to death.
You will get into trouble
if you fight with them.
"Donkeys like being touched
in the direction their hair grows."
Right?
You should touch donkeys
in the direction their hair grows.
Otherwise, they'll kick you.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
You do? Okay.
We need to use our wisdom
to guide them and help them.
Because we are better than them.
I've asked security to come escort you out
if you're going to do that.
Man, they treat these people
like shit in there.
If there are things your boss
can't fix for you, come talk to me.
Especially how to manage American workers.
Can we force them to work overtime?
Americans?
From HR's perspective,
we can't force them to work overtime.
We can't say anything like that.
But in China, it's mandatory.
The Americans...
I don't give a shit what they think.
Go ahead and sue me,
but they should come the hell in
on Saturdays!
That's how I would do it.
I think the most
important thing is mutual understanding.
We're under enormous pressure here.
A lot more pressure than in China.
There was a guy who
couldn't fall asleep for a couple of days.
I really admire Americans.
They can work two jobs.
They can have another job
besides working here.
I always thought Americans lived
a comfortable and superior life.
I thought they didn't have
to make any sacrifices.
I know
there are some union activists here.
I know because I have people
who spy for me.
I have many different ways
to deal with them.
Here is one. He is pro-union.
This is him. This person here.
Look, we get along pretty well.
You won't see him here
in two weeks' time.
Good afternoon.
I want to thank you so much for coming.
I know you didn't have a choice.
The union will go out of their way
to try to convince you
that it's a good thing for you
and that it is in your best interest.
The contract that you get,
if you get one,
might include better wages and benefits.
That contract might include the same wages
and benefits you have today.
And that contract finally might include
less wages and less benefits.
And the threat of a strike
is no longer scary to employers,
because today if you go on strike,
while you can't get fired,
the employer has the right
to permanently replace you.
I'll let that sink in.
You can't get fired for going on strike,
but you can get permanently replaced.
So are you telling us
not to vote for the union?
I'm here to tell you to do what you want.
I got a question. Who do you work for?
I work for a company called
Labor Relations Institute.
We're a labor consulting firm.
- Is the company paying you?
- Yes.
Didn't I say that?
I usually say that in every meeting.
- No.
- No, you didn't say that yet.
Well, the reality is,
they pay me to consult with you here--
They pay you to talk to us?
They pay me. They don't pay me
enough to stand up here and lie to you.
I think I need to make
only two more trips this year,
if you achieve what you planned.
Why do I need to come here?
It's not convenient for me. Right?
You think I like to come to America
every month?
It's tiring.
Is the union making any noise?
No, not too much.
Better than it was before.
Recently,
we fired a lot of union supporters.
We have tried different ways.
It's worked out.
A lot of active ones left--
Then you guys should hire
more excellent people.
Young people.
This is the culture I want
for our company.
- Mmm.
-Then we will have a good atmosphere here.
A lot of things here in the US
are different from China.
Well, we've invested here already.
It's just not working that well.
We all have a psychological shadow.
Fuyao doesn't want to be controlled
by the union.
As the Chinese saying goes,
"One mountain cannot hold two tigers."
We won by a landslide.
We won 60%?
Right.
We're awesome!
Before we started having those trainings,
The smooth operation of our US project
has laid a solid foundation
for our global strategy.
We've achieved double-digit growth
in operation management.
Both our earnings and profits
have reached new digits.
The China of my youth was poor
and undeveloped.
I feel I was happier then.
Now I live in a new era
of prosperity and modernity,
but I have a sense of loss.
I miss the croaking frogs
and chirping bugs of my childhood.
The wild flowers blooming in the field.
In the past few decades,
I have built so many factories.
Have I taken the peace away
and destroyed the environment?
I don't know if I am a contributor
or a sinner.
But...
I only think that way when I'm unhappy.
The point of living is to work.
Don't you think so?
I don't have any food for you.
I have some watermelon in my apartment.
I don't think he can eat fruit.
He can eat grass.
In the old days,
all Chinese people wanted in life
was to have enough food
and to raise their kids.
That's all they wanted.
When it comes to my generation,
we want it all.
We travel wherever we want
and buy whatever we like.
We used to have one person here.
Now we don't have anyone.
Next, I'm going to get rid
of four workers here.
Two for each line.
Automation means standardization.
After we finish this,
we will have two fewer workers
uploading on the encapsulation line.
The mechanical arms do that instead.
You have already finished that?
Yes. These are all automatic.
And you're replacing the rest
with mechanical arms too?
Yes. I will replace the ones
on side-window tempering.
This one is being tested now.
We're hoping to cancel four workers
in July or August.
I'll change that into machine work.
We can't get the work done now.
They are too slow.